hello it's ruby and before we jump into
this video i have got
a really exciting announcement to make
back when i was 15
i said to myself one day i
want to design and release an academic
planner
as someone who is heavily invested in
school and academics and learning i have
gone through many many planners over my
time
no one planner gave me everything i
needed in a planner and so for literal
years
i have been jotting down ideas of what
my perfect planner would look like
this last year i have been designing
that planner i made the first full draft
of it
back in february of 2018.
today i've got the final product
this is a the academic planner 2020 to
2021. first of all i just love this
color i wanted a really simple plain
design so for every week there are
three pages most planners that i've used
in the past have either had
one page or two pages per week but i've
just never found that to be enough space
for me because i like to write down full
to-do lists every day but with half a
page per day
you've got space to write down all of
your homework tasks or
assignments or things that you've got
coming up and then there are additional
prompts for reflection when you reach
the weekend
so you've got the staple sheet that you
use every week but there are also
additional planners and trackers that i
have always used myself i wanted to put
in the kind of planning sheets that i
think are most useful for students and
ones that i have found really helpful in
the past for example there's a library
book blog
this is actually one of my favorite
pages in terms of how it came out and
then on the left hand side there's this
bookshelf where you can jot down all of
the books that you read
which is again like one of the most
exciting things because i've never seen
this in a planner before
so the planner retails for 16 pounds and
it
is going on sale on the 17th of august
at 5pm bst
i just can't even believe that i'm
saying that like
it's designed all of the things i've
used in the past to help keep me
organized and on track
and keep me motivated and productive and
so hopefully
this could help you to be more
productive too
so i try to wake up at 6 30
and at the moment i am sleeping in our
spare bedroom basically just because i
wanted to change
it's like a mini holiday because i'm
sleeping in this room instead
and i love this full-time bed it's so
old-fashioned and it makes me feel like
i'm in some
edwardian children's book
so after making my bed i will go and
have a cold shower i love having a cold
shower in the morning
it's a great way to wake yourself up and
i just feel so energized afterwards
[Music]
after getting dressed i will go and
brush my teeth
[Music]
and i will open up the shutters
then i will go and do my hair i usually
just brush it and put some hair clips in
i love wearing big hair clips
[Music]
then i will clean up my room as you can
see i had a few mugs of tea left over
from yesterday
and i will go outside
i love to go outside and say hello to
the dogs in the morning and i will
usually read outside for about half an
[Music]
hour
then i will make myself some breakfast
i've recently been having
fruit and nut butter for breakfast and a
bigger lunch and also i got myself a
matcha latte
[Music]
then i do some power poses up in my room
sorry you could see my belly here
this is a great way to get adrenaline
rushing
[Music]
and after that i will do some journaling
i usually do about five pages
worth of journaling but i actually
staggered my journaling today because i
was running a little bit behind schedule
because i was filming i needed to make
it to my 8 45 morning team briefing
good morning
[Music]
we have speaker sessions from nine until
one for our delegates
we started off with a wonderful stem
talk by
andrea orsak andrea um
hi so andrea is a co-founder and partner
at mission c
the talks are so interesting
hey good morning
here we go hello hello i can hear you
can you hear me
as i said there are 10-minute breaks
between each of the speeches
and usually we don't really have the
time to take that break because
especially if we're on boarding someone
but i did have
a 10-minute break at this point so i
went outside
okay i'm on my break now so i'm gonna go
downstairs because i just
saw our neighbors come out and i want to
go and say hello
then i received a very very exciting
parcel and you know what this is now
this is the academic planner uh this is
my first time seeing it
isn't that gorgeous i love
it oh my gosh it was ah i can't
i don't even have words in person it's
just even better than i thought it would
be
i also got myself a snack even though
lunch was quite soon
i just had a yogurt pot and then we had
our final speech of the morning
then i had lunch during my lunch break i
will of course eat lunch i will also
stretch
i will check my emails do any quick
youtube admin i might need to do
and then i will do some writing for the
rest of the time
then in the afternoons we have group
work sessions we've got six groups
and they're each working towards
presenting a pitch so
in the afternoons we will invigilate
their sessions
okay it's four o'clock and i've just
finished with invigilation
for the afternoon i was invigilating
group three today
and they had such a great discussion
so at four o'clock every day we have a
briefing we just talked maybe like half
an hour to 45 minutes about what
happened today
run through key things that we need to
do like tomorrow and things
so i'm gonna go get myself a glass of
water and
then i'm going to sit down and log into
this
[Music]
maybe we could frame it instead it's
like two minutes to outline your needs
statement
oh i'm so stupid i just felt water all
over my laptop i only had like that much
water left in but it went
all over the keyboard
so usually straight after that meeting i
will do some more youtube admin but
today i needed to drain my laptop so i
didn't do that and after that i will go
on a run i love to go
on runs it's so refreshing it always
clears my head
but today disaster struck
and i resprained my ankle
my grandparents came around in the
evening and i basically just had to have
my foot propped up the whole evening
which wasn't fun i couldn't walk on it
so i got the crutches back out
yep this the crutches are not making a
reappearance
unfortunately i'm back on the crutches
which i'm not happy about
but hopefully with
luck i will be off them pretty soon and
the ankle will recover after dinner i
sorted out a compartment in my wardrobe
that was so so messy
and at the same time i was watching
holly gabrielle's new video
[Music]
i am in a lot of pain with this uncle
very unfortunate because i wanted this
to be an accurate night routine of what
i've been doing every evening but it's
really not been the case because usually
my evenings
i will use my laptop and i will use my
leg just all in all
it was very different to actually my
daily routine just because of what
happened but
oh well in the evening i have been
actually watching some television
if i don't have someone around my
grandparents having a bonfire but i'm
gonna watch
the rest of home alone because i just
don't really fancy going down the bottom
of the garden i ate we all ate dinner
together but
i just don't fancy going down the bottom
of the garden because of my ankle
so we're gonna go downstairs and we're
gonna watch home alone
and i'm gonna get myself a brownie and
then i went downstairs
propped up my foot and i watched an
episode of the simpsons and finished
watching
home alone two in new york
[Music]
i also got myself a snack for the
evening i had a glass
of coconut milk and also one of the
brownies from
true vegan treats these were kindly sent
to me and actually for every
purchase they donate one pound to mind
which is really cool i will leave that
details linked down below
it was so cosy to watch home alone
i just put some pillows up so i could
prop my foot up i took out my hair
and i braided it if i'm not washing my
hair that evening i like to braid my
hair
i also put on some facial mist
i will also use the milky jelly cleanser
from glossier
then i like to read the new york times
on my ipad in bed
and i will also do one of the mini new
york times crosswords these literally
take about
two minutes but they're really fun to do
then i will read at the moment i'm
reading far from the madding crowd
and this lovely bookmark was actually
made for me by my friend sasha
and then i will go to sleep okay thank
you so much for watching
and sorry i'm just very excited
and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week
you